c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\RPA.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\RPA.pdb
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\obj\Debug\RPA.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\obj\Debug\RPA.pdb
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\hibernate.cfg.xml
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.xml
c:\users\nmathela.corp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\nmathela.CORP\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\nmathela.CORP\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RPA\RPA\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
